CloudFront Origin Request Policy (#17342)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/d/cloudfront_origin_request_policy.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "CloudFront"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudfront_origin_request_policy"
description: |-

>   Determines the values that CloudFront includes in requests that it sends to the origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provides information that CloudFront includes in requests that it sends to the origin.
```

---

# Data Source: aws_cloudfront_origin_request_policy

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Provides an origin request policy, and other metadata, for Amazon CloudFront.

```

## Example Usage

> The following example below creates a CloudFront origin request policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example gets an CloudFront origin request policy.
```

```hcl
data "aws_cloudfront_origin_request_policy" "example" {
  name = "example-policy"
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - A unique name to identify the origin request policy.
* `id` - The identifier for the origin request policy.

## Attributes Reference

> * `comment` - A comment to describe the origin request policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `comment` - Comment to describe the origin request policy.
```

> * `cookies_config` - An object that determines whether any cookies in viewer requests (and if so, which cookies) are included in the origin request key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. See [Cookies Config](#cookies-config) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cookies_config` - Object that determines whether any cookies in viewer requests (and if so, which cookies) are included in the origin request key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. See [Cookies Config](#cookies-config) for more information.
```

* `etag` - The current version of the origin request policy.

> * `headers_config` - An object that determines whether any HTTP headers (and if so, which headers) are included in the origin request key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. See [Headers Config](#headers-config) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `headers_config` - Object that determines whether any HTTP headers (and if so, which headers) are included in the origin request key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. See [Headers Config](#headers-config) for more information.
```

> * `query_strings_config` - An object that determines whether any URL query strings in viewer requests (and if so, which query strings) are included in the origin request key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. See [Query Strings Config](#query-strings-config) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `query_strings_config` - Object that determines whether any URL query strings in viewer requests (and if so, which query strings) are included in the origin request key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. See [Query Strings Config](#query-strings-config) for more information.
```

### Cookies Config

`cookie_behavior` - Determines whether any cookies in viewer requests are included in the origin request key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Valid values are `none`, `whitelist` `all`.

> `cookies` - An object that contains a list of cookie names. See [Items](#items) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cookies` - Object that contains a list of cookie names. See [Items](#items) for more information.
```

### Headers Config

`header_behavior` - Determines whether any HTTP headers are included in the origin request key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Valid values are `none`, `whitelist`, `allViewer`, `allViewerAndWhitelistCloudFront`.

> `headers` - An object that contains a list of header names. See [Items](#items) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`headers` - Object that contains a list of header names. See [Items](#items) for more information.
```

### Query String Config

`query_string_behavior` - Determines whether any URL query strings in viewer requests are included in the origin request key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Valid values are `none`, `whitelist`, `all`.

> `query_strings` - An object that contains a list of query string names. See [Items](#items) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`query_strings` - Object that contains a list of query string names. See [Items](#items) for more information.
```
